OSDOCS-1650: Adding docs for managing user oauth tokens (#28506)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oauth-delete-tokens.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * authentication/managing-oauth-access-tokens.adoc

[id="oauth-delete-tokens_{context}"]
= Deleting user OAuth access tokens

The `oc logout` command only invalidates the OAuth token for the active session. You can use the following procedure to delete any OAuth tokens that are no longer needed.

> Deleting an OAuth access token logs out the user from all sessions that are using the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting an OAuth access token logs out the user from all sessions that use the token.
```

.Procedure

> * Delete the user OAuth access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Delete the user OAuth access token:
```
